/Mythic/agent_code kill
c2: log 
https://www.healingpuppieshome.dog log
https://www.mawafrenchbulldog-sa.com log
https://www.uniquepuppyhome.com log
https://www.royalsafety.net log
https://www.firsttblne.com log
https://www.nighorizon.com log
https://www.primenavada.com log
https://www.westernhorizon.us log
https://www.novasterling.us log
https://www.novasterling.net log
https://www.lefkosiabank.com log
http://www.transecbank.com log
https://www.grandcreditbankasi.com log
https://www.coastalpostalexpress.com log
https://www.kent-delta-auto.com log
https://www.shfarms.co log
https://www.asn-transport.net log
http://www.bluedreampuppies.com log
https://www.standardtrustcredits.com log
https://www.standardstrustcredit.com log
http://www.turkishbankas.org log
https://www.damokontrading.com log
https://www.exoticpaws-sa.com log
http://www.pyramidstandardbnk.online log
http://www.atlanticexpresscargodelivery.online log
https://www.trustaccess.online log
https://www.islamicinvestmentsbc.com log
https://www.firstpillarfinance.com log
https://www.commercialbnk.net log
https://www.thecapitalcitybank.online log
https://www.westbestglobal.com log
https://www.waveportlogistics.com log
http://www.usfirstbank.xyz log
https://www.unitybankingn.com log
http://www.unitednation-un.online log
https://www.thewilliamschambers.com log
https://www.swiftroyalexpress.com log
http://www.thecrestbank.xyz log
https://www.swissfinsec.online log
https://www.neweracourierexpress.com log

